We have to make an app for the 1,000th
chatter. This is a great idea that I
had, which is that every stream, the
1,000th chatter should get a big big
celebration. I think we can all agree
that that's an important thing that we
should be doing with our time and that
this applies to every single stream. It
is going to be boring code. Do not think
that it's exciting. Just because this
music gets you hyped up, don't fall for
it. This is boring. We're going to code.
Resist. Coding. Woo. I can tell that
you're falling for it. I'm telling you
not to. I'm so hyped. I just shhat in
your pants. The 1,000th chatter is the
friends we made along the way.
>> No, it's not. It's the 1,000th chatter.
That's actually just strictly wrong.
Let's copy from our other thing. Banning
chat with hidden rules. Let's grab this.
Banning users template. We're not going
to ban people. Wait, do we ban the
1,000th person? Why would we ban them?
Wait, no, we should ban the 999th
person. Just be like, you didn't win. Do
better next time. And they're perma
banned. And 101. Like, you're banned.
It's like one of those wheels. You know
when you go to the arcade and there are
those scam wheels. You like spin the
wheel and the like jackpot prize is that
sliver. But on either side of it is like
a big dud spot. We need that. Like five
on either side gets banned. So you have
to like you're playing it risky, right?
>> Will the winner be the literal 1,000th
chatter or just the 1,000th chat message
sent that stream?
>> I think it should be the 1,000th
chatter. 1,000th message would just
encourage people to spam relentlessly,
which is really boring. As a reminder,
we're going to make a prediction. Does
Doug make it in 5 minutes? I already
have the animation ready to go, by the
way. Now, I need to warn you, the steps
for making this app aren't that hard.
It's going to be listen to chat. For
every new chatter, add their name to a
list to a set, whatever. Check the
number of users in the set. If 1,000,
turn on the animation. This should be
it. This is like actually, I think, a
5-minute coding adventure. Unironically,
he's stealing our data. The data is just
how many people are there. I don't even
have like information about you
individually other than you, the person
who just said that I do track you. Go.
Okay, here are our steps. Listen to
chat. Don't need this. Audio manager.
Don't need it. What is chalk? We need to
set users who have spoken. Then we just
add username and ban them. Easy. Okay.
Wait, how long are we banning for? I'll
just do a million. 100. The
music is freaking me out, man. I NEED
OBS WEBSOCKETS. DO I HAVE THAT? A BEANS.
I DON'T. UH, self OBS websockets
manager. Do I not even have that
imported? Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Hold on. I don't think it's
happening. Damn it. Sorry, sorry,
believers is close to be honest. What I
want to do right now is just test to see
does this work with the 100th chatter.
Everybody ready? Uh, our first test. So,
what we should see here is Yeah. Yeah.
Current number of chatters. You can see
in the thing it's going up 20 28 52
users. We have 89 users.
>> Congratulations. You won.
>> And the per Oh, I didn't even see who
the person is. It could have been any
one of you.
Wait, why did it turn off? Oh, it's
longer than 10. Okay, we had just so you
guys are aware we're at 450 unique
chatters right now. Okay, that's good to
know. I don't know if we banned people
or not. I think we probably did. So, to
quickly wrap this up, I think we're
basically there. Actually, what we need
to do is create a text that is in the
scene. So, you're going to go into the
void very briefly. Um, we'll add browser
source in here just so you guys aren't
scared for now. All right, you're over
there. So, what we need is a new text.
Okay, this is going to be the name. So,
we probably want the name in like comic
sands or something, right? Or is that
too much? Like Comic Sands was really
funny 12 years ago. Okay, that looks
like So this is their name, right?
Username. No, we're not doing wingings.
Old English. Okay, old English text.
It's so dumb. Okay, we got to do
something big for the 10,000th chatter.
If you're the 1,000th, everybody's going
to scream and cheer. THEY'RE GOING TO
SAY, "WOW, YOU'RE GOING TO BE SO popular
just like you always imagine, right?"
But I think we need an additional award,
right? It needs to be like I answer any
question they have. Something along
those lines. It doesn't have to be me
answering a question. We need a thing
that they get like a real award. There's
got to be a sense of wait here. You know
what I want? You got to want to risk for
the band. You know what I mean? A major
award, a Pornhub subscription. We can
make them VIP and that way everybody
knows that they're better than we are.
Like what I want to do is have like a
cast system like some sort of like
really depressing feudal oligarchy, but
instead of having multi, it's just one
guy and everyone else. It's less of a
cast system and more just like a king, I
guess. Look, I think what we do is I am
a chat genie. The 1,000th chatter, I
will grant you one wish. You can't wish
for more wishes, though. Okay, we're
going off Aladdin rules. Okay, Aladdin
rules. But I will make you a sultan.
Damn. I wonder what they're going to
wish for. But like, I have to make the
wish come true. I solemnly swear. And
also, everybody in chat needs to
solemnly swear. I solemnly swear that we
as the chat genies will do our best to
fulfill the wish of the 10,000th Chatter
of the Sultan. Cuz like if they say none
of you guys can ever watch Doug Doug
again, you got to honor that. If he says
I can't stream, we got to honor that. I
really Please don't wish for ending the
stream. I do want to keep streaming. I
have stuff I was excited for. But being
a genie doesn't mean you get everything
you want. In fact, it means someone else
gets everything they want. That's
literally the definition. Okay.
>> How many individual distinct chatters do
you have per stream? How long does it
take to get to 1,000?
>> That's an excellent question. We're
about to find out. Everybody ready?
Beginning 1,000th chatter selection.
Now, here we go. Okay, a lot of people
already talking. Dude, we're already at
100. I honestly did think I guess it's
going to start fast with people who
can't resist, right? I get that. But I
suspect we're going to slow down at like
the 600s, right? We've got 500 people
who are just like, I can't HOLD IT IN.
AH, I got a time.
Right. But the folks with strategy,
right, they want to play the game.
They're going to wait. And so, we're
going to get real slow in the mid game.
I don't want to be banned, but I want to
participate. Yeah. No, fair enough. Fair
enough. See, we're already slowing way
down. How many people do we have here?
Okay, we got 6,000. Look, some of you,
you're just going to have to make the
sacrifice. You're going to have to play
the game and lose. Okay, what game? The
game is to be the 1,000. But as a
reminder, it looks like this. That's the
game. Or you just say a message, man.
You just acknowledge that not everything
needs to be about you. Okay? And you
say, "I'll let somebody else go for the
genie wish." I mean, we're slowing way
down, which makes sense. 700. I think
it's going to start to speed up, right?
Once we hit 900, it's going to speed way
up. Way, way, way up. You should ban
everybody except for the 1,000. That's
up to the 1,000 to decide if they want a
bass purge. Ultimately, I'm here to
grant that wish. Oh, Okay, it's
starting to It's starting to go up.
We're at 900. We're at 900. 960.
>> CONGRATULATIONS.
>> Nevada Lewis takes it. Wow. Nevada
Lewis, dude. I don't know why it uh Why
is it so loud? How do I turn it down?
Oh, the name is just there.
Hello, Nevada.
>> I would like you, Nevada Lewis, to give
a wish.
The chat genie grants you one wish. What
do you ask of the people?
Someone said ban us. Don't influence as
a genie. We have to be impartial. Jesus
Christ. Have you guys never watched
Aladdin? No. Nevada. There's too much
reverb. Can we turn the reverb down?
Okay. Nevada Lewis. All right. You get
one wish.
>> One hour of this.
I don't want to.
>> The genie has spoken. YOUR WISH SHALL BE
GRANTED. ONE HOUR of wizard 101.
Wait, I should have made myself blue.
>> I am the genie of the lamp.
>> Uh, there are 20 people banned, by the
way. I don't know who they were, but
okay. So, this is just going to like run
in the background. Look, you don't get a
wish if you're the 10,000th chatter.
That's only for Nevada Lewis, but you
can try to get your name on the screen
or something. I guess I can add you as
VIP for the day or something. Well, I'm
going to update today's schedule. As a
reminder, these are all the things we
had to do. So, we're going to do a big
block here.
Who's excited? We'll deal with other
other things later. Okay, I need to look
up how to do this. I am making an
account on Wizard 101. What is
happening? What is happening to the Why
are you full screen? Why is Dude,
everything is screwed up. Why would the
resolution be 1,600 by 900? No person
has ever used a device at that
resolution. Okay, this counts as I'm
resetting the timer. My god, live split
froze. Okay, I have to control altdelete
that. Very cool. Excellent. Ladies and
gentlemen, wizard 101. Go. Aha, the
spell is working.
>> Look, Gamma. Finally, we have found one.
>> Oh, a young wizard. A student with
amazing potential. Enough perhaps to
save Wizard City.
>> Oh, really? Where?
>> Oh, a very, very distant realm.
My goodness. on a world that does not
even believe in magic.
>> I believe in magic. How else do you
explain how big my
>> Malister?
>> No. Ambrose.
>> It's a card game. Okay. I do hate it. Oh
boy. All right. Excited for card games.
Why are they so tiny? Okay. Firecat.
It's like Hearthstone. Is it? I assumed
it was like World of Warcraft.
Look, I'll admit it. It is cool. I just
wasn't expecting a card game. He loves
it. Going to bring back so many
childhood memories. When was this game
popular? Half of this is my reputation.
I need you guys to think I'm cool. But
also, I genuinely don't know about this
game. 2010s, but like early 2010s,
mid2010s. 2010 I was in college. So,
holy. Yeah. Shocking. Up until now, Doug
really seemed like a 20-year-old, but
I'm realizing he's actually not that. I
hope so badly that there are real
chatters for whom they're like, "Wait,
he's old." And then they like close the
Twitch stream and never come back.
That's so funny that like that's like a
big criteria for somebody watching a
Twitch stream.
>> Congratulations, you won.
>> Linky 55. Let's go.
Wow, that's incredible.
What was the name? Hold on. Oh, it just
banned a lot of people again.
>> Congratulations. Star Forge PC is having
a sale. Horizon Navigator and Voyage PC
5090s flash sale. Huge saving.
Linky50. I can't read it because of the
old timey text. Linky 5. Oh, you're
here. Okay. Congratulations.
Give them a wish. Okay. If you have a
mild wish, we'll grant the wish. Okay.
The sultana gets the main wish, but if
you have like a a mild supplementary
wish, that's fine. You can have like a
garnish wish. Ask for more wizard 101.
No. Reset. Okay, that's that feels
like a garnish. All right, we're going
to say subsequent wishes are 10% of the
power of the original wish. Okay, Linky
gets a wish from the genie.
>> But 1 hour, that means 6 minutes. So,
we're adding 6 minutes to the clock.
It's going to be 52 seconds now. Thus
shall it be. Today was supposed to be
programming. I was going to I was going
to show all my cool programming I
learned. Another time, old man. I have
what I came for.
>> I wish I looked like that. Like I had
genuinely colorless skin, no colors in
my eyes, and that I had this type of
facial hair. I would love that. Like I
look like I just came out of a volcano.
Sorry, I know I'm supposed to be playing
Wizard 1. just saw that John Fortnite
burps cutely. I'm just wondering the
context of that. Also, the entire set of
circumstances that led to that. Okay.
Um, but we're in like a school or I
mean, dude, here's what I'll say. I
think this seems like a really well-made
game. I would have loved this as a kid
probably. Now, as a hotblooded,
god-fearing football watching beer
drinking American man, you know, might
not be for me necessarily, but I don't
hate you personally for liking this
game. Burps furiously.
Okay. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Stop
skipping the lore. The lore seems to be
kill enemies because this is the very
beginning of the game. Where's the
person I'm supposed to fight? I thought
there was a like a ghost here. Stop
skipping. The lore is walk down unicorn
road. That's literally the entirety of
it. What is happening? Love, Doug. Worry
Doug, I go this. Why is nobody speaking
in coherent sentences? Game doesn't
allow normal chatting. Oh, okay. I
texted my boyfriend that Duke that is
playing Wizard 101. He asked why. I said
the 1,000th chapter got a genie wish. I
don't think it cleared it up.
>> Look, it does make us sound weird out of
context. Okay, now that I think about
it, that doesn't explain it really
anything. What the is happening?
Honestly, I get that we're in a fight.
Where does this frog come from? There's
a lot happening. Doug, if you make fun
of this game, you will ruin my
childhood. It's cuz I hate you
personally. What? So, what? Okay.
Genuinely, what is the lore here? What?
What? I'm just fighting. Can I fight?
Why is the frog here? You're playing the
game that World of Warcraft was inspired
by. I don't think that that's correct at
all, actually.
>> Congratulations. You won.
>> Marus,
congratulations, Marcus. If you want a
wish, which by the way only has a tenth
of the power as the original Sultan,
>> you may now wish it.
>> Pause the timer. But you have to keep
playing.
>> You can't just wish for that.
>> I get to. Okay. Well, it's some You
didn't say how long. How's your wish? I
will do that. I don't remember how to
pause the true genie exper. Well, I'm
trying.
>> Infinite pause. No, you get a tenth of
the power of the Sultan. 6 minutes of
pause. Remind me to unpause the timer in
6 minutes. Uh, okay. We're going to
learn lore.
>> Budget genie, I guess.
>> Budget genie. Oh my god. Okay. Dog open
presents after the lore dump. Click the
basket on the right side. Doug. Smiley
face. Great. Hornosceros perm. Redeem.
Okay. Do I have a mount or something? Is
that what's going on? Uh, burps
appreciatively. I still don't. It's in
my backpack. Can I use it? Hello. Wa!
Wait, who's like Somebody's in my car.
Wait, is this like an NPC? Wait, this is
you? So, you just like permanently get a
ride on my rhinoceros. Oh, it's a
passenger mount. Okay, got it. Got it.
All right, cool. Let's uh We got our
mount. We're going to go talk to Lady
Yolva or whatever her name is. I don't
remember it. Hello, Lady Uriel.
>> Once you've dispelled the bone cages,
the fairy dust, return to me
immediately. Good luck, young wizard.
>> He keeps skipping the lore. The lore is
We got to kill fairies. It's like she
said, "I don't know what's going on. Go
look at the cages to find out." And then
there was five more messages that just
repeated that in varying ways. Wa! A
dark fairy elite. Does that make them
They're hard. I challenge you to a
Shaolin showdown. Am I correct in
understanding what is happening, which
is that a bunch of like extremely
highlevel people are partied with me or
joining the fights and that we keep
oneshotting everybody because they have
insanely powerful items. Is that what's
going on here? because I obviously have
no context of what like the frog butler
does. And then why are people just
standing in the middle? Why? This is
like Voltron. I just feel like the game
is not balanced around this very well. I
just get the sense that this thing is
more powerful than this area is supposed
to.
I just am getting that feeling. That did
6,500 damage. Didn't my flame tiger do
like 20? Wait, did did I not find the
bone cage? Where's the bone cage?
>> Congratulations, you won. P Andy, let's
go.
Um,
Pandy, we are prepared to offer you one
wish.
>> No. God damn it. Hold on. 30 minutes,
but you get a 10% of the power. So, it's
3 minutes. Yes. 3 minutes. Add to the
clock. I'm adding 3 minutes. No. Next
stream. No, I don't want to.
Oh, okay. the streams.
How do my monkeys paw this? Hold on. I
need to make my Are you sure you want to
make the genie angry? Are you sure,
Pandy?
And listening to the bomberman OST.
What is that? Bomberman OST.
All right, this kind of
Okay, I know how to monkeys paw. Ladies
and gentlemen, your wish is granted.
>> Hey everybody, welcome back to another
Doug Doug stream. Need to take a little
break there. Now today's stream, we are
going to be following P. Andy's request
and adding three minutes to the clock.
Looks like most of their three minutes
have already gone up. And we're going to
be listening to my favorite new song
from Bomberman OST. Wow. Wowee. Cool.
Um, what do I do in the game? There are
more bone cages. You didn't actually
stop the stream. Well,
if you think
>> I got a genie and I was like, could I
get a million dollars? And he was all
like, "No, I don't want to."
>> Yeah, dude. Sometimes genies have
feelings, too. Okay. It's kind of rude
that you don't even consider the genie
wants to play the game you're wishing
for or not.
>> So much darkness. No, my vision is
obscured. All I see is a tower ringed in
bones. Sirin night chant knows unicorn
way.
>> This is like one block and she doesn't
know where the buildings are. Am I Hold
on. Am I missing something here or are
we talking about the same Unicorn way
that I was just walking through and it
took 10 seconds.
>> Quickly, you must ride to Sirin at once.
Ask him if he knows of a tower ringed in
bones.
>> Okay, so here is Unicorn Way. So, no one
in Let me just double check. Okay, so
this is it, right? I assume the gigantic
tower, which is one of four buildings in
this area, is the thing that we're all
working to figure out who did this,
right? I just making sure I'm following
the lore. This tower has bones outside
of it, and we're wondering if this
How do I go in? Oh,
Here we go. Firecat, go. So, am I
like underleveled because I haven't done
anything? How much health do the fairies
have? Oh, they're almost dead. This is
easy. Okay, we we put a bloodbat on it.
This is fine. We're fine, dude. Use the
spells that kills them. Working on it.
Yes.
So, no one checked one of the four
buildings in Unicorn Way. I just want
They sent the random new kid in school
who's been here for 50 minutes. Okay,
you saved the city. Thank you. Thank
you. I did do a pretty good job. I'm not
Look, I'm not trying to judge any of the
people who live in this city. I just
feel like if I lived on a city street
and there was four total buildings. I
mean, I guess these are technically
buildings, but if there's one giant
tower with bones outside of it. Okay.
All right. All right. Look, World of
Warcraft, I love that game. That story
doesn't make any sense either. All
right. All of the towns are full of like
insanely powerful god creatures who then
are like, "Hey, random person, could you
go out and kill a hundred pirates? We're
all dying." It doesn't make any sense. I
did it. You did it, didn't you? I did.
>> You beat Rattle Bones.
>> She rattled my bones 101 till I wizard.
>> Okay, this is good. This is good stuff.
Only 3 minutes and 40 more seconds of
this. Unless I guess the next person
wishes for something.
>> Congratulations. You won.
>> Elephant 2064.
>> Okay, we got to
>> real quick. We got to ask the um
who won
elephant
2064.
600 more. No, no, you can't do that. You
have onetenth of the power of the
original sultan who wished for 60
minutes. That would mean 6 minutes max.
You can't just wish for 10 times what
they wish for. That's not how the genie
wishes work. You should know this.
You're a wizard. I'm doing 6 minutes.
It's not a scam. It's not a scam. Thus
saith the genie.
>> Excuse me.
>> Okay, there we go. Um, I think that you
technically have a chance to get more
Wizard 101 if you get a new 1,000th
Chatter in the next 8 minutes and 15
seconds. You guys have been very slow on
it, but technically if you collectively
get a person selected before the time
runs out, you could keep it loop anyway.
All right, new one. Here we go. Will you
sacrifice yourself in chat for the glory
of Wizard 101? Or do you just want to
watch me code? What just happened? Okay,
timer's off. Go. So hard to see what is
happening. Okay, I have to talk to Mr.
Lincoln in Ravenwood. Love this design.
I hate this bird. You watch your mouth.
Total Bilf. Which of these magical
creatures are you referring to here? Has
there been a Bilf that I'm not aware of?
Well, okay. There's a kill if I've ever
seen one. Make the push. You guys have 1
minute and 50 seconds. If you can get a
1,000th chatter before the time is up, I
will redeem the wish. But you have 150
more slots. God damn it. I did actually
not think you were going to.
>> You won. Big 780.
>> Do you have a wish? Every 100 chatters
get a wish. That
Wait, hold on. Every 100 chatters gets a
wish, but you only get 10% of the power.
So, you're really wishing for every
1,000 chatters to get a wish. Your wish
has been granted.
That's not rigging it. That's not
rigging. A tenth of the power would be
onetenth as often. That makes sense.
Wait. I'm turning on the timer.
You have 44 seconds. That's it. Only 44.
Go. Yeah. L. We're playing the game.
It's actually going really fast. I don't
think you're actually going to get it,
though. 30 seconds. You guys stop
playing. I'm trying to play the
game. Uh, Andy K. Doodle. She can tell
you about our electives. Okay. You have
18 seconds. You're not doing it. 5 4 3 2
1. The genie has granted all wishes.
>> Wizard 101 is over.
>> Love to see it. Hey, what a game. What a
great game. Love the lore here. And how
do I quit? Hold on. How do I quit? Holy
No. Yes. All right. All right. All
right. Look, we are going to retire the
1,000th chatter bit. You missed all the
good stuff. You still need to fulfill
that wish. No, I fulfilled the wish of
one. Wait, hold on. You're right. The
wish was that one out of every hundred
onetenth of the power that would be.
Okay, so I do honor this wish, but still
with onetenth of the power, I think.
What is this stream actually about? It
was supposed to be me showing off coding
things I've been doing. Then obviously I
turned into a genie and had to grant a
wish.
>> Congratulations, you won. Baboon,
congratulate. Ow. Wait, is it
Vaboom? I can't read the text. Are you
here? Vaboom. Technically, I will grant
your wishet one/10enth. We should pick
the top five wish submissions and throw
them on a wheel. Um, okay, sure. What
are the most request? Play Wizard 101.
End stream. Play pirate 101. I don't It
would be for 6 minutes. Can we We need
two chill things. That is not a big
deal. Coding. Doug codes. Wait. Okay. A
lot of people were saying they like
coding. No one said that. No, they did
say that earlier before Wizard 101 came
up. Okay. Give chat permanent wishes. Be
on cahoot. So it would be onetenth of a
cahoot. Fine.
>> Wish
>> granted.
How do I do this cahoot?
>> 10 questions. Seeing self-love by
Nickelodeon. That means um we do one of
them. Here we go. Everybody get ready.
Okay, host live. Okay, everybody join
the cahoot. We're doing one single
question. How many people are named Doug
is bald?
Ladies and gentlemen, one cahoot
question starting in three, two, give
the cahoot winner a wish. No, we're
starting.
Ladies and gentlemen, the question is
true or false.
So,
self appreciation is about acknowledging
your own worth.
How do I can I play? I forget. How does
it work? False. Is that not what self-
appreciation? I feel like that's true.
Wow. Incredible. Um, love to see it.
Wait, what was the right answer? It's
subject. Yeah, that's also I don't think
that's correct. I wish for Nickelodeon
to make better cahoots. I feel
disappointed in myself.
This was lifechanging. Okay. Uh great
great cahoot everybody. Um we are going
to go back to uh Bomber Man.
Who won? I don't know who won. I don't
know how cahoot works though. This was a
profound 2hour 45m minute adventure.